out there in the gloom and the drizzle
are the mountains the forests and the
savannas where the maned wolves live and
this wonderful building is the monastery
or casa around about 15 years ago the
monks here realized that something a
large carnival was going through their
rubbish and they worked out that
actually it was the maned wolves and
ever since they've been deliberately
putting out food for them so we got here
a big pile of meat and hopefully pretty
soon the main wall is going to start
coming in for a free feed this could be
the best place in the whole world to see
them certainly up close all we have to
do now is wait and I hope I think that's
the dinner bell
thankfully the wolves are listening
that storms getting closer he could make
it up it's like something out of a
Hollywood movie
thus an electrical storm waiting for
endangered wolf to blunder out of the
darkness surely with lightning
clattering round the sky
any self-respecting wolf will be curled
up somewhere warm and dry okay
everyone keep very very still first
canine shape it's just wondered asked
the gloom there it is my first ever
named wolf I have to say I've seen the
majority and members of the dog family
around the world and I've never seen one
that has quite these proportions that is
quite such an odd-looking animal
it kind of looks like someone's taking a
red fox and just stretched it
the wolf's behavior seems to meet
totally bizarre rather than keeping his
eyes on us he heads back to the steps
and stares off into the darkness but
he's not just looking out for danger
ears are twitching around all over the
place like satellite dishes so one is
pointed forward it's listening for
sounds from in front of it the other is
pointing backwards it's channeling
sounds from behind it Wow
I was extraordinary absolutely assured
right